#PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction

​

This privacy policy is served by Caribbean Goods Ltd, 50 Richmond Street, Strathclyde Inspire, Graham Hills Building, Glasgow, United Kingdom, G1 1XP under the website; www.caribbeangoods.co.uk. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information throughout the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy, you may wish to refrain from submitting your personal data to us. Please read this privacy policy carefully, your privacy and information are important to us.

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.

​

Our contact details

Name: Caribbean Goods Ltd

Address: Strathclyde Inspire. 50 Richmond Street. Glasgow. G1 1XQ

Phone Number: +44 7413 981290

E-mail: info@caribbeangoods.co.uk

Date Completed: 16 June 2022

​

Policy key definitions

​

"I", "our", "us", "we" or “Caribbean Goods” refer to the business, Caribbean Goods Ltd at 50 Richmond Street, Strathclyde Enterprise Hub, Graham Hills Building, Glasgow, United Kingdom, G1 1XP

"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.

GDPR means General Data Protection Act.

PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.

ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.

DPA 2018 is the new framework for data protection law in the UK. It updates and replaces the Data Protection Act 1998, and came into effect on 25 May 2018.

Cookies mean small files stored on a user’s computer or device.

 

Key principles of GDPR

​

Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.

If you have any questions or concerns please contact Caribbean Goods Ltd at 50 Richmond Street, Strathclyde University Incubator, Graham Hills Building, Glasgow, United Kingdom, G1 1XP or at info@caribbeangoods.co.uk.

 

Who we are?

​

Caribbean Goods Ltd, is an importer and distributor of products from the Caribbean region to the United Kingdom. Currently, Caribbean Goods Ltd just imports Green Coffee. You can contact us at: info@caribbeangoods.co.uk or at www.caribbeangoods.co.uk for more information about the business.

​

What information do we collect?

​

Our data collection methods are the following: sign up to our blog, newsletter, social media, market reports or when you contact us requesting information about services and/or products that we may offer.

 

We collect Name(s), address(es) and contact details of businesses we can potentially work with or we have reason to work with.  Personal identifiers, contacts, and characteristics (for example, name and contact details)

We also collect the names and business contact details of relevant individuals within those businesses. Services offered by those businesses. Financial information about the businesses may include credit checks.

If you contact us directly, written correspondence and summaries of telephone conversations and other verbal communication may be collected.

We also collect non-personal information on an ongoing basis when you view our website. The collection of this non-personal information is done either through "cookies" technology or with "web beacons" (also called ’single-pixel gifs’).

When placing an order, we need to collect personally identifiable information as it relates to you to complete the order. We also collect the data from businesses that are currently working with us.

Information relating to payments for services or products purchased including the amount of the payment the payment dates, the service or product purchased, the date of despatch of the product and whether payment was accepted or rejected by the third-party payment gateway.

Financial information required to make payments to suppliers and to receive payments from customers.

 

In addition to the information you provide, we may also collect information about you and your use of our website using automatic data collection tools (Google Analytics). We use the information for statistical reporting and performance enhancements. We do not link data to any named individuals.

​

How we get the personal information and why we have it

​

Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:

​

To ensure successful delivery of services or products ordered from us.

To ensure effective communication with our customers. For example, to discuss specific requests and commissions for work to be undertaken or the provision of a bid in response to an Invitation to Tender.

To ensure we are able to respond effectively to enquiries from customers and former customers.

To ensure effective inventory management.

​

We also receive personal information indirectly, from the following sources in the following scenarios:

​​

When you visit, download, and/or use any of the services on our website or social media presence, we may collect aggregated usage Personal Information, such as Visitors’ and Users’ browsing and ‘click-stream’ activity on these platforms, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal Information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc

We may receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources, such as security providers and fraud detection / prevention providers for example to help us screen out fraudulent purchases.

We use Google products including: Google Analytics and Google Search Console.  We use these products to understand how the website is being used in order to improve the user experience.  User data is all anonymous.  The types of data collected includes: IP address, browser-generated information e.g. browser type, operating system, date and time of access, how long a person looks at a website, what they look at etc.  

Google Privacy Policy

https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

Google Analytics Privacy Policy

https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en-GB%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank

Google Search Console Privacy Policy

https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

 

We use several communications systems which gather Personal Information which is processed in accordance with the following policies

Microsoft Teams – https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-privacy.

Zoom – https://zoom.us/docs/en-us/privacy-and-security.html.

FaceTime – https://www.apple.com/uk/privacy/features/

Your payment will be processed by the Bank of Scotland which collects, uses, and process your information, including payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. which can be found at:

https://business.bankofscotland.co.uk/business-home/legal/personal-and-business-data.html. 

​

We use the information that you have given us in order to:

 

To deliver the products and services you have ordered.

To improve our products and services.

From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.

 

We may share this information with parcel delivery organisations or payment processing organisations.  for the purpose of fulfilling our contractual obligations.  We use a number of third-party professional services providers, necessary to run our business, such as IT, and Internet Service Providers, web developers, and financial and legal professional services suppliers. Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or ordering goods and services from us. We do not display the identities of our service providers publicly by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of our service providers, however, please contact us directly by email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it and where we have shared your information with such service providers.

​

How do we use personal information?

 

Caribbean Goods collects information to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We use your information by analysing our customer’s potential requirements. We may use the information to perform credit checks or invite customers to events. We may also use your personal information to deliver personalised content that is customised to your interests. This customised content may include such things as banners, product information, and promotions. When required to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. We may use your information to realise internal research and development purposes. We use your information to provide you with good and services.

 

When do we share or transfer personal data?

 

During business, we employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. When appropriate with industry-related partners such as warehousing, transport, and shipping. When appropriate, with our product supply chain, both up and down the line. When appropriate, with service partners such as, but not limited to, our auditors, our bankers, and our solicitors. We do not share your personal information for marketing or promotional purposes.

 

We do not sell, lease or distribute our database. There are some limited exceptions to this rule: We will disclose information in cases where we are permitted or required to do so by law, for example where it is necessary to investigate or prevent a crime; and may disclose information to third parties who provide support services to us, as described and on the conditions specified above. 

 

Where do we store and process personal data?

 

Your information is securely stored.

We keep:

Financial Records for a period of 8 Years (7 Years from the end of the financial year in which any financial record relates)

Information relating to services delivered or items purchased for a period of 3 years following the period when any potential warranty, liability, or claim has expired in relation to the provision of such a product or service. 

General correspondence to and from a data subject for a period of 3 Years after the last date correspondence has been received from that data subject.

We will then dispose of your information by running an audit no less than annually of our live information systems and delete personal data which has gone beyond the retention periods described above.  Personal Data contained in Backups data storage shall only be deleted or destroyed and rendered inaccessible when those back-ups are scheduled for deletion.  In the event of data being required to be restored from backup devices, an audit of the restored data shall be carried out as soon as reasonably possible to ensure that any restored data that has passed the stated retention period can then be deleted.

​

Your data protection rights

​

Under data protection law, you have rights including:

Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.

Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.

Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.

Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.

Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.

Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.

You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.

Please contact us at info@caribbeangoods.co.uk if you wish to make a request.

​

Your rights in relation to personal data

 

Please contact us in writing for any amendments or to stop receiving marketing messages. You can contact us either by sending an e-mail to info@caribbeangoods.co.uk or by visiting www.caribbeangoods.co.uk.

If you wish to have your details deleted, please contact us in writing. However, this must be carried out in compliance with legal regulations.

​

Lawful basis for processing

​

Under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are:

(a) Your consent. You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting

Caribbean Goods Ltd.

Strathclyde Inspire.

16 Richmond Street.

Glasgow. G1 1XQ

 

Or

​

info@caribbeangoods.co.uk

(b) We have a contractual obligation.

(c) We have a legal obligation.

(f) We have a legitimate interest.

​

How to complain

​

If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at the registered address above or at info@caribbeangoods.co.uk

You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.

The ICO’s address:           

Information Commissioner’s Office

Wycliffe House

Water Lane

Wilmslow

Cheshire

SK9 5AF

 

Helpline number: 0303 123 1113

ICO website: https://www.ico.org.uk

 

How to contact us?

​

If you have any questions or concerns please contact Caribbean Goods Ltd at info@caribbeangoods.co.uk or visit us at www.caribbeangoods.co.uk